["\n\n  There are so many their own apps which are not even required. They are forcing us to use their apps only instead of standard google apps. We cannot even remove them and disable them. It will eat up your mobile battery. Why do they provide their own apps if there are apps available from google? Do they think they can developed better apps than google? A big joke!!! I'll never buy any Xiomi phone again in my life.\n\n", '\n\n  I have purchased Redmi 6 Pro in Amazon end of October 2018.I was on tour in Rajasthan state. On 19th November 2018 my phone started giving some problem in Net connectivity. On 20th November 2018 around 3.30PM I went to MI Authorized Service Center, Arihant Telecom, “Narayan Niwas” Near Hotel Hadi Rani, Inside Udaipole, Udaipur.A lady sitting in the reception checked the handset and said there is a problem in Software and she asked for the invoice copy. I said it was purchased from Amazon and you can verify in your computer. Immediately, she refused and demanded the soft copy. I said there is net problem in the handset and I cannot get immediately. Then she has shown me a number written on the wall and advised me to talk to them. In spite of my repeated requests also she has not attended my phone.I told her, madam it was purchased just 15 to 20 days back it is a brand new piece. It is having full warranty. Then also she just doesn’t care and said as per my company instructions without invoice copy I cannot attend.Immediately, after coming out from that service center, I have purchased a new mobile of Nokia Company.It is my blunder mistake in choosing MI product. I want to take legal steps in the matter.\n\n', '\n\n  Purchased this item in first sale after launch, thinking redmi cant fool the customerspros-Display, batteryCons-1.No dual 4G standby ( means  a combination of Jio and airtel/Vodafone cant be used) this is biggest drawback.  even lower variant Redme 6A has this option, i dont know why Mi has not kept this feature in this, its nust requiremrnt now a days, i just purchased it thinking that this option available2.Worst front camera-front cam pics will be crap, even gets worst with low light3.rear camera- not upto the mark, Bokeh mode doesent work properly4.Display broken (may be my negligence), but fallen from just 3-4 feet heightonly, so delicate...???earlier i have used honor phone, once in a train,my honor mobile fallen on to floor from upper berth not even a single hairline crack, sooo solid..OVER ALL- not a good product form Mi or Redmi, i was first time buyer of redmi, it just fooled me...DONT GO FOR IT GUYS\n\n', '\n\n  Bought this phone as a surprise gift for my wife on her birthday last month and before the start of Great Indian Sale on Amazon. I believe I bought it in the 1st flash sale only on 2nd October. Amazon Pay EMI experience was smooth and delivery was quick as always. Posting this crisp review after a month use of Redmi 6 Pro (3 GB/32 GB).Pros:1) Brilliant full HD display2) Good build quality3) Great Network reception4) Seamless 4G connectivity on both SIMs5) Fast Snapdragon 626 Octacore processor6) Good RAM management (No Lags)7) Good primary camera (13+5 MP) with added features8) IR Blaster (Universal Remote)9) Greater Gaming Experience (PUBG & Asphalt 9 with no lags)10) MI UI 9.5 gives good overall user experience including a greater battery management.Cons:1) 5 MP Selfie Camera at a starting price point of 11 K is totally unjust.2) No wide angle lens on front cam3) Front cam sensor could have been better to counter RealMe 24) The 2 cam setup in primary camera fails to generate great pictures with depth (Bookeh) effect.5) Secondary 5 MP depth effect cam is not integrated well to generate greater depth effect (Expecting a camera software update soon for improved experience).6) Primary camera sometimes struggles to focus on non-human object while taking still pictures7) Single speaker could have been a bit better8) 5.84 inch FHD screen is good but a 6 inch screen could have been much betterOverall its a good phone considering the fact that its the very first phone from MI with a notch screen however it certainly lacks that one great punch in front camera department. At least a quick software update is must to enhance the overall quality of the images produced by its 5 MP selfie cam.\n\n', '\n\n  I am using this mobile from 20 days, below are my observation :1. Look & Feel : Beautiful2 Battery : Its not 2 days battery back up, even battery get discharged very fast, but yes battery works for single day.3. Camera : Awesome, both back as well as front.4. Charger : Fast charging, idk why but they delivered Y2 charger.Only Battery is the issue, otherwise mobile is really Good\n\n', "\n\n  I would like to highlight few issues which I observed compared to other mobiles although it's better for the price he is giving.1. If I click on any link, it takes through MI browser instead of chrome and I did not see option to select chrome as default browser it's a big pain. Very very difficult to uninstall MI apps by general public, he should have knowledge on how software works in order to uninstall.2. Max volume & Brightness is less when compared to other mobiles.3. Display clarity is little low even when compared with Lenevo K6 Power.4. New work reception & net speed is 20% less.5. Lot of times finger unlock is not working.6. Bluetooth signal breaks if mobile placed in back picked it has become a pain while Jogging and cycling.7. Display size is not what we imagine before buying, few notifications on top centre hidden as speaker and sensor r placed in display.\n\n", "\n\n  I didn't find the battery part more attractive but yeah its good. The look of this phone is just superb. A very good pick if you are a student.\n\n", "\n\n  The Redmi 6 pro is among the best mobiles you can buy at this price range. Let me put down some of the pro's and con's of this mobile.Pros1. Value for money.2. Good design and build quality. Size is perfect.3. Rear camera is good, its the same setup as in Redmi note 5 pro.4. FHD screen with notch display5. Good battery life and no heating issues.6. Face recognition + fingerprint login7. Dedicated micro SD card slot. You can have 2 micro sims and an SD card.Cons.1. The front camera is just average and its bad in low light conditions .2. Snapdragon 625 is a bit old now, it's been around a while.3. Nothing much new apart from the notch display in this phone. So if you're not a fan of notch display, then you can ignore it.4. Not meant for high intensity graphic games. I don't play games but I tested PUBG and it was below average.5. I'm not fan of MIUI. Too many advertisements and its another revenue model for Xiaomi. The company has admitted  its one way to reduce the cost of Mi phones.6. Same old micro USB port, no type C. Its fine since you don't see type C port at this price range.7. Face unlock is average, it works only with good lighting8. Sunlight screen visibility is pathetic. You can't see anything outdoors under bright sunlight.Overall I found Redmi 6 pro a very good phone. As I've mentioned earlier there is nothing much new apart from the notch display when compared to other Mi phones.\n\n", '\n\n  Phone screen hang\n\n', '\n\n  Very good product the delivery was on time charge stands for more than a day if you let it drain to 30%The sound is not best byt good for this priced phoneThe camera quality is top both front and backThe performance is good not lagging when switching between apps with more than ten open at the same time. It is doing good for a 4gig ramStorage is not a problem as it has 64gb and i am a regular user of drive and google photosThis phone also enters the notch club giving a larger screen place\n\n', '\n\n  Actually i am very happy with this redmi 6 pro i purchased it for 6500₹  4gb ram 64 gb model in exchange offer by exchanging my redmi 3s prime mobile all is good battery,design,build quality. but camera is the not good its average for this 12000₹(4gb ram 64gb IM) is more costly its better to drop price ,and thanku for amazon fast delivery and for good offer\n\n', "\n\n  Redmi is Redmi means value but is there any here? Let's see.Pros:-1. Full HD+ Resolution no one is providing at this price point (one of the most deciding factors for me)2. The cameras, sure they're pretty average but provide good details among the competition.3. Notch, yeah...sure some people hate it but some love it.4. Call quality and connectivity.5. Heavy duty build quality I can't recall how many times I've punched this phone or dropped from head height (I'm 5'11) still nothing ever happened no damages whatsoever all working and nice.6. IR Blaster.7. Battery! MiUi+625+4000mAh = 2 days of power.CONS:-1. Sound quality, for me this is the biggest con like damn didn't expect such bad audio qualityNote:- it gets distorted once you reach the highest volume possible rest is fine but pretty underwhelming.2. The cameras. AVERAGE but good for occasional photography3. The processor damn how many 625 did Xiaomi actually bought? It's fine for me tho I don't game much but when I do there's barely any lag and I choose 625 because I wanted the most juice with the massive 4000mAh battery so yeah good for me but not for others.4. Front camera, it's horrible man.5. UI - yes MIUI just feels unjust as the bugs and stuff but with the next update MiUi 11 I think improvements will be made.\n\n", '\n\n  This is a very bad mobile, used bad & duplicate quality gorilla glass, touch screen broken when it fell from a heighr of 1 feet.\n\n', '\n\n  The design has never been the forte of Xiaomi phones. The company continues to use a combination of metal and plastic for the back panel. Some cosmetics changes that have been made but the overall look and feel isn’t all that different from the Redmi Note 5 Pro. It’s still more of the same thing.\n\n', '\n\n  First the look and feel and it is awesome,very easy to grip and for notch display it looks premium.Camera:it s better than note 4 and note 5.low light photo graph is better. But there is no front flash.Sound is very premium not loud but when it is with a headset it blast its very good in that.Battery:it is carried out since note 4 it has huge battery life and last more than a day if used normally,but battery saver mode last for 3 days or more, it is a budget and yet very stylish phone.\n\n', '\n\n  I am a redmi 3s user. Exchanged it with redmi 6pro.1. There is no much difference in performances between redmi 3s and 6 pro.2. Eventhough  it is dual camera, quality is still bad..3. Notch display is useless. We do not feel comfortable with it.4. Display is good.5. Frony camera is not good at all.Verdict :  For 11000 ,it is not worth. Go for any other models like asus zenfone max pro m1. My friend is using it.\n\n', '\n\n  Look nice. Battery OK 1.5 days.  Nouch no use. Sound avg. Notification bar nothing unread item shows. But software may upgrade may there. Battery max 1.5 days. Refer photo. MI playing with add every where. So believe no security to our files and data. I hate this mob.\n\n', "\n\n  Dnt purchase the Red Mi 6 pro.It has very cheap battery... It's getting drain very fast. There is no any 2 days battery life ,it's end within some Hours\n\n", '\n\n  I bought this phone during the recent festival sale and got a great deal on it. Post exchanging my old phone, Amamzon discount & bank cashback... i had to pay around 10k for this phone...which i fell is a great deal! The delivery was on time and they also took the old phone (flipkart charges you for this process).The phone itself is quite nice. Lightweight, sleek, bright screen, fast processor and battery that lasts around 30 hrs on one charge for regular usage (watsapp, candycrush, youtube, music, short calls etc). The faceunlock and finger print scanner are fast. 3GB ram processor does make it super fast. The camera is also very good. I would recommend this phone for a budget conscious user\n\n', '\n\n  This mobile comes WITHOUT google services, installing GOOGLE PLAY is NOT THAT SIMPLE.  Out of 4 GB RAM only 2.1 GB available without any new app installation/opening. Display size mentioned is 5.84 inch but display width is 5 mm less compared to other Redmi Note  5.5inch display phone. No dedicated Menu-Navigation button on hard case but optional soft button appears on screen, after this the effective screen size is LESS in all respective compared to all 5.5 inch phone. But over all physical lower width gives a BETTER grip on hand. The SIM tray having two Nano SIM plus dedicated SD slot together is very very delicate to handle. Notification light is on bottom left corner so in little darkness phone is always picked up in upside down manner if notification light is glowing. Top notification bar is really very very tiny. Data /Wifi connection speed, Mobile network name, alarm clock active or not etc can only be seen after pulling down the top menu bar but not in standard on screen display. Overall the front camera wrap around display is nothing but projecting calculated bigger display when it is practically less. Somehow in WhatsApp voice call screen does not wake up and I could not sort it out anyway. Speaker volume found be lower compared to my other 2 Redmi phones. Speaker position is on bottom edge not on the backside thus keeping phone on a surface does not affect loudspeaker quality. Signal strength Ok, Sound quality OK.\n\n', '\n\n  The Phone is the most flopped model of redmi, i exchanged Redmi note 5 pro for this phone and this phone ia total disaster.Pros:Looks sleek and stylish like iphoneEasy to hold display size and design.Cons:The 3 gb ram phone is dead slow when we toggle between appsGaming experience is terrible, the screen freezes most of the timeThe fingerprint unlock takes quiet some time to unlock the phoneCamera clarity is of very bad qualityWatching movie for 3 hours will drain the battery completely.The phone can be of good review with the senior citizens, as they will not bug/use the phone much.\n\n', "\n\n  After many comparisions and eliminations finally ordered this.Positives1. Notch is awesome.2.it looks like apple xs. Many friends surprised if I bought apple3. Sound is great4.pictures are good5 no heat6.speed is goodNegetives1 point - it is not light weight. Somewhat heavy2. Face unlock is not instant3. When you press power button you need to wait 20 sec to see the screen.4 when your phone call is done, you need to wait till others cut the call as you may not see the screen immediately after phone call.5 replaced my phone 2 times in Hope of solving 3 and 4.  No use.  So the product itself is corrupt not just my piece of phone6 . Even after all kinds of troubleshoots by me and technician.  Basic issues not solved. So returned my phone even though I love its features and looks , it has serious ’screen goes blank' issues.We always click power button to unlock our phone.. but when you click power button it takes at least 20 seconds to show you screen.. just try to wait 20 seconds on any phone for unlock and if you are okay, this is the best phone in recent times in this budget. :-) all the best\n\n", '\n\n  Dual rear camera gives good pictures.AI support for camera.Battery life is fabulous.Two days life with normal all works done.Screen resolution is much better.Hardware is supported for all day activities including low level gaming.No leggings with multi app running background.Looks great with Knoch.All features are best in this category.\n\n', '\n\n  Initially i had a great confusion of which phone to buy for my wife, then had two options in mind One was Vivo which my family members are using for past three years, another was Redmi, but thought let ,me go for redmi this time and to be very frank this is a very best phone that anyone can afford with all latest options and features, very good phone for the price paid, people who wanted to buy a cheap and best phone please buy Redmi Phones\n\n', "\n\n  Phone is not working properly, when I make a call, the person of others side can't hear me when I got a call then the person can hear\n\n", "\n\n  All are Normal good not a amazing and one mager problem are phone is charging time very high hitting so I don't like and I have riturn this product\n\n", '\n\n  Good product for those who want a handy phone at quite a good price\n\n', '\n\n  phone hanging problem & touch does not work properly.. Got it serviced & now its working fine.\n\n', '\n\n  Don’t waste your money in other brands. MI gives you everything in your budget.Please MI don’t waste your money in advertisements because you are great no need to advertise.  If you do that u will increase price of every product that’s why i am saying.  If u r making a great product in low budget thn u don’t need to advertise. advertise works rarely u can take example of vivo. They wasted so much money in advertising like they sponsored IPL, Kabaddi Premier League. But still no one is Interested in buying vivo or Oppo phones. I m proud MI user\n\n', '\n\n  The Xiaomi Redmi 6 Pro is powered by 2GHz octa-core (8x2GHz) processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 256GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Xiaomi Redmi 6 Pro packs a 12-megapixel (f/2.2, 1.25-micron) primary camera and a 5-megapixel secondary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies.The Xiaomi Redmi 6 Pro runs Android 8.1 Oreo and is powered by a 4000mAh non removable battery. It measures 149.33 x 71.68 x 8.75 (height x width x thickness) and weighs 178.00 grams.The Xiaomi Redmi 6 Pro is a Dual-SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, Infrared, USB OTG, Micro-USB, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Face unlock, Fingerprint sensor, Compass/ Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.\n\n', "\n\n  i will never buy anythin from MI again for their phone have lots of privacy concerns, we struggled to get around those but the phone won't even be used without agreed to their clauses.so i simply gave it to someone who will happily take clicks, browse fb and do whatsapp, and will ensure none of MI's any apps are used.the presence of new android is good yo take away permissions from apps. but not the default ones, which we simply do not uae and block those from internet access.otherwise okay for use. but not good when used by people who know less about nuance of uwing auch devices\n\n", '\n\n  Pros:Battery life will not disappoint you. Sound is awesome, screen without notch would have been better, but we can live with the notch. The full screen video avoids notch. Quick finger sensor. Button quality is good. Phone was accidentally under water for almost 5 mins, and yet turned out to be a champ, so nice work there.Cons:Selfie disappoints you so much that your wife threatens to leave you. Definitely not a phone for selfie lovers. Back cam is a decent one, but fails royally in indoors, low light, artificial light, but considering it as a low end, can be lived with.Notch is annoying, specially when it renders full screen useless. Speed is good. Gaming is average.\n\n', '\n\n  I have been using the phone for a week now. Here is my short review:Price: 12999 - Discounts = 11500/- ApproxPros:Battery life is really good.Cons:Really bad call quality. It sounds like someone has gone in the past and is talking on GTalk using a slow internet connection (The voice is clipped too much)Night photos look too badRest, which are ok:Screen quality is good.Loudspeaker sound is moderate, not too weak but not very loud as well.Build quality is goodI guess you should look for another options in this price range.\n\n', "\n\n  Yes the title sums it all. This is the worst mobile from Xaomi stable .I have been a Xaomi fan and it has been my 2nd phone always used for games, gps and other activities which I dont want my main phone to drain with.Earlier used Mi Phone, Redmi 4 and then Redmi Note 5 pro. All the above have passed with flying colors in terms of battery , not hanging and even camera (Which I rarely use on my secondary phone.) Redmi Note 5 pro is still the best from the stable with Performance, Battery and superb camera.Since I bought Redmi 6 pro, I have problems.a. Maps don't work as it crashes each time I start using direction.b. Battery is not great , even with limited uses max it stays for 36 hours.c. Apps crashing. Many of the apps keep crashing specifically after the update to MIUI 10d. The touch of the phone is not great as going back and front sometimes can be tough , need to double touch couple of times.So avoid buying this phone, instead buy the redmi note 5 pro.But I guess every company will have one bad product so I feel for Xaomi this is that one product. The faster they scrape manufacturing of this it is better. Don't ruin the image just because of this phone.This review is after nearly 5 months of extensive usage.\n\n", '\n\n  Within 4 days of use, serious issues in sound quality. No voice to other person on outgoing calls. Checked different sims also same issue.\n\n', "\n\n  Received this unit during great sale event and in exchange of my existing phone. Delivery and exchange experience was excellent as usual.About Phone:The basic requirement for a new phone for me was to have a phone of smaller size (to be able to operate in one hand most of time), long battery life, larger RAM & Storage, standard physical protection (for usual scratches & small bumps) and no heating problem during long calls. I use this phone for official number in which long calls are quite usual.I am generally satisfied with the phone as it meets most of the above criteria. Battery life usually is about 2 days (around 2 hrs of total call time, some youtube videos, whatsapp, sms, etc.). However, it seems that the screen is not having any protection. It got scratched in first week of usage without any single hard bump or scratching.The phone loudspeaker is average at best; can't use it in a noisy environment at all. Call on speaker is ok in a quite location. It is not at all suiting for any quality music playing.Another unexpected issue is the Camera quality. Though the rear camera is a two-camera set-up, but the quality of the images, especially a little low light conditions are very bad. Also, there is no macro mode. Minimum distance is about 1.5m. Front camera is even worse. The quality of the selfies are actually worse than 2 year older phones.The MIUI 10 is yet to be updated. From the general information available in the market it is understood that it should get quite few important upgrades.The phone is generally value for money as a phone (for calls, SMSs, Whatsapp, etc.). But if one is looking for a media device, it would be better to look for alternatives.\n\n", '\n\n  Bought this phone Oct 11 for gifting and when I received the phone was working fine. And it already 70 % charge and was not used for a week. A week later this phone is getting charged and as per MI toll free customer care I got it repaired from MI service centre. It wrked for 6-7 hours and again , it will not get charged. Now amazon says return period is over and MI customer care says I should re try repair until phone is fine .Wasted my money going behind MI and couldnt use the new phone for a single day also\n\n', "\n\n  I have had used Mi note 5 pro for 5 months, now recently i bought mi 6 pro, after using both the phones i can say that Mi 6 looks, handling are better than Mi note 5 pro. mi 6 pro's  Display Quality Is way better than mi note 5. performance wise both were almost similar. Few advantage with mi note 5 pro is Ram,  screen size and few others  Which are really ignore-able when compare to the offered price. Mi note 5 pro Is almost 50% expensive than mi 6 pro ie. 4k - 5k .  When Compared to Mi note 5 pro with mi 6 pro, i would  vote for Mi 6 pro - reasons :- 1. quality 2. performance. 3 Pocket friendly.\n\n", "\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0I gave gift to my mother and she is not heavy user.she gave me feedback that this phone got slower with storage filling.i check myself it is got slow with update and storage filling to 80%.i literally don't recommend this phone either invest money on MI A2. that one is better with stock android.After a month use i found the problem..if u hold phone just by top corners ur screen will be wiped off. This phone has serious issue\n\n", "\n\n  The product is priced too high for the specs it is providing when there are a lot of other devices available at a much affordable price loaded with amazing features.This is a very disappointing device by mi. Coming to the cons by noticing this price of Rs 11k :-1) No dual volte support, even the lower model redmi 6 has that feature (which is priced at only 8000rs),but not available on the model which is priced at 11,000 rs. Mi is just fooling customers with this model.2) below average front camera quality, only 5mp.3) again the same boring design of phone.4) notch design makes the phone look ugly, it could be better (but mi hasn't worked seriously on this).5)outdated processor, especially at this price point when others are providing sd 636 at same price(e.g - Asus zenfone max m1 pro)6) display quality is also not that much great whn compared to asus, honor or other devices at 12k price range.7) screen size also looks quite small due to notch on the top.. Its should be 6 inch.Pros of this device -1) good battery, 4000 mah.2) solid metal built quality.3) dual rear cameras is somewhat of good. Quality( but not great at all) .P. S - honestly saying, this is not a worthy phone, better to go. With redmi note 5 pro. At a. Slightly higher price otherwise go for Asus or honor or real me.They are providing much better value for money.Mi seriously needs to work at its strategy after seeing the stiff competition in thd market currently.This phone should be priced at only 8k.\n\n", "\n\n  phone is good as I am a hardcore Mi fan.all the features.but I notice phone getting heated while i was transferring data from my mi note 4 to mi 6 pro with mi mover, that's bad.face unlock works fine in proper lighting areas.red color is to much bright for me as a working men but i selected it because i was bored with siver and black, so will keep this time red.over all 3.5 out of 5.\n\n", '\n\n  Got 3gb version at 8999. I am writing this review after 10 days use. It appeared to be bit big screen before buying, however after actually holding it in hand feels easy to operate. Bit heavier due to large battery capacity. The display, battery and camera are definitely above average. Touch feedback is awesome. Plus it has very useful IR blaster. 9nly down side is quick charge function. However with so many other plus points, this is best buy under 10k category\n\n', '\n\n  Hanging problem start within 3 day of purchase and Bluetooth range is very less\n\n', "\n\n  I've lost my note 5 pro, so review may compared with note 5 pro..this review is after using 4 months,i've unlocked ,installed bloat_free miui 10 rom,magisk ,v4a, Google cam.. ( so miui specific features and performance i wont review)CAMERA -3/5..front camera is worst ,no detailing ,softened pics most of time(beauty mode is off), low light performance is worst, even in evening light u cant take sharable photos.... (google camera mod doesn't work with front camera, so no comments)Rear camera- stock cam app- it takes good avg photos in daylight ,not stunning or eye catching through.Google cam mod- this makes entire world of difference through, the detailing lighting is great with gcam, Night vision also works great , portrait shots with gcam sometimes cant detect edges properly and only works with human object/faces ..(if u comfortable with unlocking rooting, go do it and install gcam mod, may void warranty through)Display - 4.5/5clearity is superb here. switching from note 5 pro, 6pro's display produces great colors, brightness levels are also upgraded.Notch-space around the notch is kind of useless ,it always shows network,battery and clock all the time, And doesn't show any notification icons,u have to drag notification drawer.BATTERY -4/5backup is great ,on normal usage easily last 1 and half day.Sound- 4/5loudspeaker /main speaker- sound is clear,somewhat deep, and has avg level of loudness, no problems here.Earpiece/incall speaker-its small speaker but i would say quality is great, loudness is also above average , speaker is upgraded here.Earphone Jack- sound amplifier for jack is great ,i've used sennheiser CX-213, ..( install V4A with well know profiles, root and unlocking required here)I wont recommend this device as it doesn't worth 11k, instead go for note 5 pro.\n\n", "\n\n  Earlier I was worried about which phone to purchase on sale. Almost looked for every phone in the market. But my options came down toRedmi 6 pro and real me 2While comparing real me 2 gave mi 6 pro a tough compatationBoth had battery back, notch screen(real me had an extra edge on both the features)But in terms of camera, screen resolution and ppiReal me 2 was way behindPros-Camera-9/10Display-10/10(430 ppi)Speakers-9/10Body-8/10(have a plastic finishing but looks great, and plastics have two added advantage- less heating and low jerk when phone falls)Processor-9/10Extra features- low light face recognition along with fingerprint, feather touch screen, 3 slots for 2 sim and memory cardConsPhone is bit bulkyBit costly if you haven't bought it on sale with respect to real me 2Old school looksOverall recommended\n\n", '\n\n  I have been using this mobile from last 10days there is a high definition screen as well as the performance of this mobile was really surprising me that how the red mi got this awesome product really thnks for Xiaomi Redmi 6 Pro for giving this awesome product to us, Coming to Camera ?? it has dual rear camera inbuilt as well as front camera was Also feels better in this price segment coming to performence I already using PUBG game with no lags as well as I already installed so many apps in this mobile but there is no lags and no hesitation to switch apps .\n\n', '\n\n  The Mobile has been replacd Twice and still the 3rd one in Transit. The Mobile has issues with OS and Camera. The System got hanged after Calling and using Camera. Serious Flaw.\n\n', '\n\n  pH is good but as i had taken it against the exchange of old pH person was not ready to wait for a min and was not helpful at allVery bad behavior of the dilvery personAnd was very rude in talking\n\n', '\n\n  I am a heavy user and all my phones specially their battery till date start crying for help after intense usage :D Xiomi has produced a master piece with this one. Gives awesome back up. Redmi 4 also had 4000 mAH battery but never felt so but this Redmi 6 pro is simply awesome. Easy to handle and use in one hand. Awesome touch response. The display notch looks lovely. Just the speaker sound quality could have been improved a lot but still a good buy at this price. Go for it with eyes closed.I got for 6500Rs after exchanging my 2 years old Redmi 4. :)\n\n', "\n\n  The good things- The notch design looks good- Small screen size is actually good. It's easy to operate with one hand.- Supports 4k Video recording. But quality ain't that greatCons- HORRIBLE ads in the PHONE UI. The ads just appear everywhere. You'll be surprised by the number of ads that will be shown to you by default on this phone.- The FRONT camera is horrible. Photos look as if they are clicked using a VGA camera.- Rear camera setup is also not that good. Photos are just average with no clarity at all.- Not good for gaming. Loading takes quite a lot of time.- Battery life is pathetic. It drains very fast and there is no fast charging either.Charging to 100% takes like forever.- Quite heavy in weight.\n\n", '\n\n  I brought this handset 12999- amazon discount 500-hdfc cash back 820- amazon pay balance 1100-samsung on next handset return 4800= 5800.Super dealSuper cemeraFront 5mp camera is also pretty goodBettery works full days in any type of use if changed fullyAfter 3 weeks i did find any hangging problemThis is handy too bcoz display ratio over body minimize.Overall 4.5/5 stars .\n\n', '\n\n  BACK CAMERA HAS VERY LOW PERFORMANCE IMAGE PROCESSING IS VERY BAD IN THIS PHONE I THINK IT IS DEFAULT Y PRODUCT I WANT RETURN\n\n', "\n\n  Its waste of money....its price shud be 6999 max...from camera to performance its waste...both sims are not 4g..as written...cheap crap...and keeps hanging ...blinks and sometimes behaves weird auto close open and switching screen and apps...walls are yellow and pics are fainted yellow...worst camera...none of two bastards who were supposed to come for inspection did came...and i see service check completed as well....good job Amazon.  Buy an mind faulty phone and no returns replacement....just test dry with blanco....9494604371 first he was supposed to cine and then he gave other guys number +919963498855...just we will come and all and no one did come....auto hanging auto working despite reset .....poor phone in this price and considering today's market...selling old hardware in new box....good job mi with Amazon.\n\n", '\n\n  Pros:- Budget friendlyGood battery lifeBack camera is goodConsFront camera is medium.. Not as per mi standard.Notch is for name shake it does not gives a premium look as like realme2.Touch is also have some lagging.\n\n', '\n\n  Pros:1. Cheaper than other brands with same configuration2. Camera (front & back) quality is good3. Fingerprint unlock is good4. Looks professional, sleek and light weight5. User friendly interface6. Came in excellent packaging without any damageCons:1. Battery for first year was good.  But post that it starts to drain fast even with minimal usage / idle time2. Requires mobile phone case / protector because rear camera is aligned with body and hence if kept on table / other surface, the lens would get scratches and thus making the camera unusable.3. There are multiple Mi apps that are installed by default by the manufacturer and runs in background (probably would be collecting and sharing personal data) which cannot be stopped or uninstalled.\n\n', "\n\n  3gb ram 32 GB storage. Camera is okay for casual use not a high end. With miui 10 there were many bugs fixed. Network connection is good. Call quality is good. Sound through speakers is better. Touch is better. I hate the notch but you can hide it. A single notification light for all purposes. It takes 2 1/2 hr to 3 hr for full charging with the provided charger. Charger cable is short. No ear phones. Has a very good battery life but with mobile internet on it drains out a little bit faster than on wifi. Touch is great.loaded with lots of mi apps and many can't be uninstalled. Speed of the phone is not that great. Phone gets slowed down on usage. Hangs very occasionally on a long usage.Call quality: goodSound: better compared to my previous mi 3sTouch: betterCamera: good.Speed/performance: average.Microphone: good.Network: a little lag, but overall good.Display: Average. Notch is bad.Phone built: greatLook: great.Pricing: best. I got it at low price on exchange+ additional discount+ 10%sbi discount.\n\n", '\n\n  Have used this phone and also tested the same in many areas. Overall built quality is nice but it is kinda plastici finish, enough loud in speaker and it is also good in headphones. Phone is fast due to processor (even it may be due to brand new product and not that heavily used), overall performance is very nice and impressive, but I felt little heating if used heavily / multitasked but heating is not that major to worry about. Camera quality is decent in the price range; i would say not that impressed but still it fetches decent photographs in bright sunlight,but it struggles in low light. In comparison with RealMe, this phone has lot to improve in camera processing department. But you should not expect too much in this price range. Battery performance is very decent and it will last you whole day, but it is very slow in charging, as for me it took roughly 2:30hrs to charge from zero to 100%. But overall phone is worth buying...\n\n', "\n\n  Google play store doesn't works properly and while downloading even a 10 mb app it's takeing too much of time so overall it's not at all satisfied and Amazon return policy is also too worst , even we can't return this mobile after delivery so please don't buy anything from Amazon\n\n", '\n\n  I had brought this phone under exchange. I liked compactness of the phone. Battery is 1 and 1/2 day coming for me.  Photos are above average.  Bezeles are not less . Screen is better looking when we hide notch. Presently miui with Oreo running. Expecting pie update soon. Phone performs well without lagging. I had not played any games. For normal usage not much heating found.\n\n', "\n\n  Mobile is completely worth for the money . I have been using it for almost 2months now and I never felt issues . I play games a lot and haven't faced any heating issues . Don't get confused with the other comments above . I donno whether they really purchased Redmi 6 pro or not 😅.Photography is pretty good . They could have did much better in the portrait mode and it depends on the MIUI updates . So it's not that bigger issue.Like all the other Xiaomi phones even this got a good battery life .Overall I'm satisfied with the brought of this phone..and I'm sincerely genuine in reviewing it. ✌️\n\n", '\n\n  Redmi 6 pro is very good mobile in all respects except sound quality. Picture quality, front and back camera are very good. Battery life is also very good. With data on full day and extensive use of net for 9 hours, the battery ℅ falls from 100% to 75%. I am highly satisfied with this product except sound quality. I listen bluetooth speaker but the Equaliser does not work at bluetooth mode. This problem is common to all MI mobiles.\n\n', '\n\n  The only thing this phone excels is in its great looks. All other aspects feel cheap about this phone.The biggest let down is browsing. Multiple windows hangs the phone. The google map another problem. It takes forever to show directions even when updated(update- the Google map is working normal now). The phone in general feels very slow and unresponsive. I used to use Redmi note 4 and was quite impressed by its performance.Battery life is just decent. Camera is good.\n\n', '\n\n  Mi phones have a lot of advertisements now, that are everywhere on all the useless extra software they install (it helps them make a little bit of money )Takes quite some time to follow a thorough internet guide to sit and uninstall all the bloatware apps one by one and then denying them permissions to flash advertisements individually. In fact It makes you wait 10 seconds per app to revoke permissions for collecting your data and then flashing adverts.Since this is a known issue.. whoever buys it should be tech savvy enough to go about turning such stuff off or take the help of a tech savvy friend to do the same.Once the phone is setup by a tech savvy person.. its hardware software combo is shockingly good for the price. It just works.. and efficiently.. Much more than a day of mixed usage.Even if you do not remove all the adverts that keep flashing.. the battery life is good, but then the adverts are ANNOYING. Even the System Cleaner software advertises tons of flashing junk Adverts after its done cleaning!But it for the battery life, And severely good hardiness which is better than the basic 6 because it is thicker to house the larger battery and fairs very well in all the strange drop test videos i saw on the internet before deciding to purchase this model.The MIUI interface is super smooth as usual, this is my 4th MI phone purchased and I also use a their TV and the incredible wifi router (which again has unbelievable software based options only available by brands selling at 5 times higher cost). So yes, this being the 6th Mi product i bought since 2014, I trust the quality.Only issue is you really have to get all tech savvy to get rid of the advertisements. I wish MI stops doing this new trend, there are too many adds. the Finger Print sensor  and face unlock, both work well and even though earlier I had ignored using them before, its a much happier faster experience to use it. However it is not as fast as the flagship models. But not a deal breaker.All in all i would like to say.. The first Redmi 1s i had bought in 2014, still looks brand new and works (but battery life went down and MI does not sell battery for that model after 5 years now) Based on that I expect this one will last 3 to 5 years aswell if treated right.\n\n', "\n\n  Display quality is top notch, overall the quality of the phone is very good. All metal body. Camera is good too. Touch smoothness is amazing. I will definitely recommend to buy this phone.The USB is not type C, it is the old one. This is the only con that i found till now. It has got 2 nano sim slots and a dedicated memory card slot (2+1).Other than the phone, amazon delivery service is a bit let down. It took 6 days to deliver the item from Calcutta to Assam. Whereas last year i bought 2 Redmi Note 4 ( for me and my uncle) from flipkart and mi india website, if you recall, Mi had flash sale every Friday. Hence i bought both handset on different dates. To my surprise i placed the order on Friday and received the item on Sunday on one occasion and Monday on the other occasion, which the shipped through ekart and FedEx respectively. Merely in 2-3 i got my phone. But Amazon's courier service is a total letdown as compared ekart and FedEx.\n\n", '\n\n  ABSOLUTELY AMAZED BY THE WAY XIAOMI HAS RUINED THIS PHONE!Pros:Good screen qualityGood battery lifeCons:1)Front camera is absolute crap, images are too noisy and blurry.2) Network reception. This is the biggest problem that I have faced with this phone.The network reception is just too weak. It keeps fluctuating alot and also it keeps changing between 2g and 4g .Call quality is also not that great, your voice sounds muffled to the other person. The earpiece is also not that loud.3) Performance : RAM Management has not been done well in this phone . Out of 3Gb , I just had 800Mb free out of the box.MIUI has ads. Who puts ads in the UI!?? This is absolutely ridiculous. The UI is not smooth ,it\'s laggy and glitches alot. 4)Rear so called "Dual camera" : The secondary camera is just a gimmick. It\'s just a depth sensor that comes into play when you take portrait shots. Many phones just do the background blurring in portrait shots using AI.Dual camera is just for name sake here.5) Build quality : This phone is not ALL-METAL!I\'ve seen some reviews mentioning that it\'s an all metal body. It is not , It\'s a polycarbonate body.6)Heating issues : Heats up alot when mobile data and location is turned on.FORGET ABOUT PLAYING GAMES ON THIS PHONE.WHEN IT CANT HANDLE BASIC TASKS , PLAYING GAMES IS JUST A DREAM.BASICALLY WHAT IN TRYING TO SAY IS : DONT BUY THIS PHONE. MY HONEST OPINION. I BOUGHT THE PHONE , IM SUFFERING.THERE ARE MANY BETTER OPTIONS OUT THERE. DONT EVEN CONSIDER BUYING THIS PHONE.\n\n', "\n\n  The worst design of notch which makes the area around of less use. The screen is a bit smaller if u were using 6' or more before and so the width . The new phone was a bit laggy and choppy , PUBG crashed twice while playing and even the controls are a bit scattered around the screen as the lenth to breadth ratio isnt perfect so you will not be comfortable to play mobile games. Even at the lowest graphics Games can be choppy. Camera isnt that great nor the processsor . While everything else works fine and the color looks nice\n\n", '\n\n  As MKBHD says piller of good phone are1 Display:- here the display is very good colour seems pretty acurate display is top notch and the notch is pretty bad2 camera:- must admit camera is pretty bad rear camera is only good selfie camera is horroundorous3 performance:- snapdragons 625 is very tried and trusted chipset and it does not heat as well pretty good for day to day activities and can game light games also4 software:- i like mi software its quite polished and packs in alot of features overall a good ui\n\n', "\n\n  This mobile can't work dual 4g volt stand by mode. It is very big disadvantage, now all mobile coming on dual volte your also try realme , asus\n\n", '\n\n  Really worth for the priceThe most attracting is its battery life upto 1 and half day with average use..display quality is also a plus point..after mi ui update camera also get improved and feels good .sound quality feels like dolby .totally redmi has completely changed its platform by this one . some demerits also am mentioning take little bit more time to charge than i expect. Can only use one 4g provider at a time. Portrait mode is little disappointing..low light also..dedicated sim slot is a plus point so dont bother about 32 gb. And snapdragon 625 is performing good with 3gb ram.. Overall pretty good in look with notch (1st in mi series).Comparing with the competator nokia 5.1 plus 6 pro is so far better and the most worth phone by its price (11k)\n\n', "\n\n  Redmi 6 pro doesn't have option to show stats bar icons.and front camera quality is not good.A phone without status bar icon is complete useless I think.And it's notch is also useless. Disappointed with the product..\n\n", "\n\n  HiI have brought this phone on THE GREAT INDIAN SALES Oct 11. Order got delivered on 15th October..This is the honest review after one month of usage.I know lot of people are too lazy to read such a long para review and thus for those People I give a three line review..This phone is definitely a best phone only to got it for a price of 10k. Don't go for the 4GB ram varient which is 13k, instead go for redmi note 6 pro which is about 14k to 15k..And the Detailed Review is as follows as*Design*:Design is simply superb.. Phone is cute and this black color is even Sexy*MIUI*:  I am stock android lover and am new to this miui.. At 1st i struggled, later i loved this UI. XIAOMI promised me MIUI 10 but i haven't received yet..*Battery* : Battery ahh nothing to say am astonished this is the 1st time i am charging once a day.. Thnx to the huge 4000mah battery..Charging time : 2 hrs 10 min from 15% to 100%And it last minimum 1 day and maximum 1.5 days ( even 2days depends upon usage)But the charger wire is short, needs special place and arrangements for charging..*Camera* : This is a place where I get disappointed.. Yes camera is average.. Rear camera has good hardware but the portrait shots are below average.. Front camera uses software to create portraits and it is more better than the rear camera.. The camera is the only place where this phone fails to meet expectations..May be XIAOMI can fix it by a update..*Performance* :Yeah XIAOMI uses SD 625 here little disappointed but ok for this price segment.. Using for a month i didn't face any lag, heating issue etc..*Security* :This phone has face unlock and it works well even in slight dark atmosphere and the finger print sensor is Lightning Fast...*Conclusion* :This phone comes with all sensors and IR BLASTER is rocking.. I control everything with this phone... MIUI gives more custom options..I exchanged old phone and got this phone.. I got lot of offers for this phone.Thus 11k phone i got for ₹5000 appoxAlso I got free screen replacement for one yearBut for othersU can get it for 10k using any bank offer..It's worth every penny even for 10k..But i wont suggest the 4Gb varient which is sold for 13k.. Instead u can go for other optionsThank you ❤\n\n", '\n\n  Here’s what you get inside the box:1. Handset2. Charger (5V 2A)3. USB charging cable4. Sim ejector pin5. Translucent CaseDesign:The design of Note 6 Pro same as that of Note 5 Pro so nothing special here. The build quality is decent, and phone feels good in hand. Rating 8/10.Display:The display on the front is a Full HD 6.3-inch notch display with 19:9 aspect ratio. The display is sharp and bright with good viewing angles and colors. It is covered with a 2.5D glass which gives it a premium look. The notch on the top is big and there is a significant chin at the bottom as well. I think Xiaomi could have done a bit better here. Big notches mean less space for notification icons so that’s not great. Rating 8/10.Battery:The phone comes with a 4000 mAh battery which is also same as Note 5 Pro. So, with moderate usage you can expect a battery backup of 2 days on a single charge. One nice improvement in Note 6 Pro is that Quick Charge 3.0 is available now. The phone does not come with a fast charger though and you need to buy it separately. Rating 10/10.Audio:The speaker at the bottom of the device is surprisingly very loud and clear. The audio via the earphone is average if you don’t tweak the settings. So, I’d recommend going into setting and use the equalizer and sound enhancer options to improve audio via 3.5mm jack. Rating 8.5/10.Performance:The Note 6 Pro runs on same Snapdragon 636. Snapdragon 636 is a good midrange chipset with performance and efficiency, so we have no complaints. App opens and close fast. Gaming is smooth as well. If you use a ton of apps then maybe go for the 6GB RAM variant. Rating 8.5/10.Security:Both fingerprint sensor and face unlock work well on the Redmi Note 6 Pro. Fingerprint sensor is quick and accurate while the Face unlock takes a bit of time (less than a second) to unlock the device. Face unlock is not that secure and can unlocked by another person so don’t use it if you have something on your phone that should not be seen by others. Rating 9/10.Pricing:During Launch, the pricing of Note 6 Pro was a bit of a surprise because Note 5 Pro price was increased from 13999 to 14999 and the Note 6 Pro packs some nice improvements over the 5 Pro so a price increase of 1000 was expected. But instead, Xiaomi launched it at 1000 less i.e. 13999 which was fair enough or good pricing. But as of now when the price dropped for another 2 to 3 bucks, its really a great deal for this phone. Rating: 8/10.Camera:When Redmi Note 5 Pro launched earlier this year, it had one of the best camera in its price range and now Note 6 Pro comes with an improved camera. The aperture and pixel size has improved which means you are going to see a lot of improvement in low light pictures. In earlier tests, the camera performed well and exceeded our expectations.The front camera now gets a secondary sensor for portrait mode pictures. The performance of front camera is good as well. Pictures looks sharp and colorful with good amount of details. The dynamic range wasn’t great though.The camera is impressive. Few camera samples are included in this review, more samples will be added on the final review on our website. Rating 8.5/10.SummaryOverall, Redmi Note 6 Pro is a well-balanced smartphone at 13999, we think it offers good value for money. If you have a budget of around 15000 and need a phone with good build, good cameras, excellent battery, loud speaker, fast charging then Note 6 Pro should be your choice.If you need a better-looking phone and can compromise with the camera quality and battery backup, then Realme 2 Pro and Honor 8X are good options.If you already have the Note 5 Pro, then you should skip the Note 6 Pro as it is not that big of an upgrade.\n\n', '\n\n  Amazon and Mi. How did you guys allow a faulty phone get into the market and then put it under replacement warranty for only "7 days"??!! Its ridiculous. The phone started hanging within one and half months, with the constant need for reboot. After trying everything (soft reset, hard reset, factory reset, repair service centre) it still having the same problem. Was this some horrible plan to ensure your customers start hating the brand. I am not a heavy data or app user. And it still reboots! The time that it worked, there was still a lag but manageable. But after the freezing screen and inability of service center to fix it, Mi- you have disappointed me. Amazon you should relook at the time the phone should be allowed an exchange.\n\n', '\n\n  The full display, the battery life and the smooth touch because of latest Android and MIUI version makes it a good product. The rear camera is good (cant say great or best) and the front camera is poor. The sound is clear but you can actually feel its a Chinese product. The phone weight is not so heavy and the operation speed is quite good. The only best thing about this phone is unlock by the touch which is super fast. Overall I would recommend to buy if you are not a selfie fetish person and need phone for just calling, chat and web search with a big display and if you dont want to worry about the battery drain. The price INR 10k is fine, it should not be more than that.\n\n', '\n\n  Pros:-Modern-looking screen with tiny bezels and high resolutionOutstanding battery lifeVery good audio quality, excellent speaker loudness and outputTakes very good photos and videosThe selfies turned out fine, tooAndroid OneCheapCons :-Dated Snapdragon 625Cheap build with creaking back, no NFCYou need a third-party app for 4K video capturing\n\n', '\n\n  I would have given 5 start for the productSize:- The size of the product is medium unlike other phones which are big, need to use our both hands, I felt it was easy to use in one hand.Battery Backup:- With 4000 lithium-polymer battery, you can continuously use the phone for 2-3 days.Processor:- Processor of the phone is very good in layman language YOU CAN PLAY PUBG without any problemCamera:- With 12+5 MP dual camera both normal and portrait mode looks fantastic. Best Pics can be captured in Day Light.Selfi-camera:- Looks pretty decent with 5MP cameraFinger print sensor:- It works just fine fast recognition, no problem in unlocking the phone.Touch:- Multi-Touch screen easy to useoverall I loved the phone.The reason I gave 4 star not 5 is that i bought the phone for 9999 RS it was on offer I thought after the offer period the price may go up instead the price went further down by 1000 rs that was a little bit disappointment.In short the phone is very good customer service form amazon was very helpful fast delivery.\n\n', "\n\n  I am writing this review after using this phone for 2 months so that I can be sure that I am giving a right review for the product.pros:* phone has a std plastic body with a triple layer back panel* finger print reader at the back is fast and accessible.* phone feels solid in hand* includes a protective case in the box.* the screen is noticeably Sharper compared to 6 an d6A* 4000mah battery can easily last a day with heavy usage* audio quality via headphone and speak is average at best.* camera of this phone is best, image stabiliser for the video.* smooth performance* dedicated card slotCon's -* feels heavy in hand* no dual 4g VoLET* selfie camera is averageOverall value for money and for people who wants a decent phone with a good battery backup, this will be a good option.Good budget phone for students.\n\n", '\n\n  Heelo guys I am writing this review in behalf of this phone I have used this for 1 week and this phone have gave me many new specifications if sound quality is better than any other phone but its camera is not that good but suitable for this price range this phone is compatible for any user it gives the person a good experience of smartphone its screen is made of gorilla glass and it gives the user a good style and design experience it gives the user a relastic gaming experience when games like pubg, asphalt 8, fortnite is played in this phone its sound quality is better but not best it is value for money ots gives you a cool look! Thanks\n\n', '\n\n  Pros- 1. Excellent Display 2. amazing camera in daylight 3. Perfect size for one hand uses, really compact 4. good for gaming, running pubg smoothly(medium graphics), SD625 is good enough for gaming. 5.Build quality is very sturdy 6. Sound quality is awesome over the earphones, as well as speaker.Cons- 1. Front camera is below average in indoor light 2. Dual VoLte is not available, I hope Mi will provide that in upcoming updates. 3. Ads in MIUI is really annoying, however this can be deactivated 4. Mi should have provided Pie update by now, however it still not avaliable.overall a good package uner 10k, specially who are tired of large display phones & looking for a compact one.\n\n', '\n\n  Phone is good for daily use i am not a hardcore gamer i just took this device for display and battery...\n\n', "\n\n  Very decent looking and good functionalityGot at good discount with exchange bonus - so great value for money.The only thing is that sometimes fingerprint reader doesn't work - first time that is - but on 2-3 tries it opens. Mostly opens on first try - may to do with phone being busy or free perhaps?Too much MI apps intrusion though - google is world leader (other than I-phone) - I would just let the customer rely on and leverage google (the choice is there but MI keeps asking for permissions - ultimately for peace of mind you tend to relent)\n\n", "\n\n  Bad bad bad.... Within 13 day it's front cam stopped working.. and when I contacted Customer care of MI... theysaid if it wud have been with in 10 days than we would have replaced it. Same with Amazon guys.. and after so many rounds of talks with Customer care where I have given them remote access to my device even.. now they are saying that you have to give your phone to service center for repair... How disgusting is that... Rite now m really feeling cheated by MI as wel as from Amazon. I have given 1 star as it was the minimum I can give for reviewing.. but they deserve no stars for this product... really disappointed...\n\n", "\n\n  I bought this phone around 10-12 months of its launch. There were Redmi note 7, 7 pro, 7A etc available for slightly more price. But I stick with this simply because its size at 5.84 inch is so compact and fits into small or average palms. Another of my requirement was 4GB ram and at least 64 GBROM both of which this phone matches.Processing is good and doesn't get heated while playing games like virua tennis pro etc. Battery lasts one full day for heavy usage and 1.5 days for average usage. Phone is kind of not very delicate and fallen down from my hands a number of times but caused no scratches or damage- still running on original plastic cover. Got an exchange value of Rs.2750 for my old redmi 4 which i exchanged and had to pay only rs.7250 for this.Overall a good buy I should say within the budget.\n\n", '\n\n  Though the phone is using hardware of its predecessor but packed in new display and body is giving it somewhat a closer look of iphone x . One can call it the cheapest replacement of an iphone x with almost similar user interface and unlock and emoji functions. The phone is lag free , good camera pic quality. I am not into gaming but multitasking is also lag free. Good response time. Though i got it as a non prime user so couldnt get the discount as amazon didnt give me one month trial subscription as the payment through debit card was reserved for only kotak and icici bank users, a big turn off and money making policy on behalf of amazon as debit card payment was open for 999 plan from any bank debit card. Overall the product is absolutely fine and also one thing the phone takes around 2.45 hrs to fully charge, bit of a disappointment. Otherwise this budget will meet your demand in many ways.\n\n', '\n\n  Battery:10/10 best battery life you can expect from a phone having 4000mAh battery.Camera:Rear:7/10Front:6/10Not a good choice for camera lovers.RAM management:7/10I can say OK not good not bad.Durability:8/10It is very durable and has a metal back.I myself have dropped it many times but not even a single damage occurred......Screen quality:9.5/10Yes,the best screen you can get.....If you are getting this in less than 9k then it is a good option for you......\n\n', "\n\n  Gifted it to mom, she's happy, no complains so I believe it's serving all her purposes well. For the techie people, who look at all the indepth details, you may keep struggling endlessly in the similar price range as for every 500 rs. There's an upgrade which on paper is good but may not translate to real world .vi actually picked it for the smaller screen size and ppi along with battery life.  When I purchased, it was the best bang for buck in the range. Picked it for 8k after discounts.\n\n", '\n\n  Likes: build quality, look and feel, battery life(2 days), Newness in UI and UX, FHD play quality, No lag(octa core snap dragon processor),Dislikes: No 3GB/64GB option, poor indoor quality pictures, little bit bulky in thickness, no full screen display for videos(notch area unusable)The mobile is worth the money and is a good option to buy at this cost which comes with FHD display, snap dragon processor, many sensors and a big 4000mAh battery.\n\n', "\n\n  Nice mobile phone with good battery life. 4G VoLTE + 4G VoLTE was offered, (2 Jio Sims) but it was not supporting initially. Amazon offered an inspection and a total-illiterate guy came to check this device and failed to configure. Finally I've updated the software and the option to enable two 4G channels appeared. Happy with the device.very handy and size matches my expectations. I use a Samsung Note8 as my primary phone, camera-quality can never be compared it. At a cost of 8999/- it's worth owing!\n\n", '\n\n  Serious problem:1) SIM network issues.inside closed room no network.2) front camera is dirty.loads of noise.nonsense3)rear camera also not very good.shutter speed too slow.some times camera screen become dark\n\n', '\n\n  I should have bought this phone instead of the Redmi Note 5 Pro. I find the screen of the RN5 a bit too big for me and this is just an aesthetic choice but I prefer the camera positioning of the Redmi 6 over the iPhone X camera placement.This is the best smartphone in this price sector..Best budget killer,It has Dual camera...4000 battery life..Everything is fine..no lag..The phone run smoothly like 4 gb ram smartphone...It consumes less ram...Good performance.However when i was bought this phone Rs. 1K  price drop in next day.Thanks, Xiaomi  for giving us good performance mobile in this range.\n\n', "\n\n  This is my first Mi device. Had been a Samsung fan for many years.I compare with my Samsung galaxy J5.ProsMuch better battery.Screen clarity is better.Loved the notch.Value for money compared to Samsung.Feature rich.ConsHeavy device.Interface is clumsy and not user friendly.Lots of unwanted apps which cannot be uninstalled eating up space.Can't find a way to move apps to SD card.Amazon delivery was superfast. Exchange was also smooth.Bought in great Indian sale.Haven't obtained the 10 percent Amazon pay balance as advertised in the sale.Will update after more use.\n\n", '\n\n  After using this device i am going give some pros and consPros-1 camera quality is best at price2 battery backup aslo good enoughCons-1 lots of lags in multitasking and game play2 very worst auto brightness calibration3 heat4 when device get heat that will affect on tuch .\n\n', '\n\n  Review after 12 days of usageNote- It doesnt support dual volte standby as advertised in various ads. Means both sim cars will not work in 4G simultaneously.Display: 8/10 crisp bright display but auto brightness is not upto the mark.Front Camera: 6/10 disappointing. I updated from Mi A1. Had a much better front camera.Back Camera: 7/10. Average performance. Nothing spectacular.Battery: 8/10. Easily lasts one full days on heavy/medium usageMIUI- 8/10Processing speed- Good enough for regular functions. Not for games like PUBG. PUBG was set to its lowest setting.Design- Comfortable to hold. Easy to use with one hand. Good form factor. Back is metal with plastic caps.Overall- 7/10Click like if u found this useful\n\n', '\n\n  Redmi 6 Pro is a very nice android device. With 4000 mAH lasts for two days as is claimed and is recharged fast with its charger . It has its own system of checking security including payment securities. Display of 5.84" is good enough. Display resolution of 2280 x 1080 is nice. However, the width should have been more broad for ease of viewing, writing and navigating. It has its good number of useful apps pre-installed that average users may not have to install third party apps like photo editing, notes, cloud storage, scanner, cleaner, compass, torch, etc. Cleaning app regularly checks and suggests cleaning of junk files, memory. Fingerprint lock and AI system is added security. System and security updates are available at regular intervals. The body is strong and solid. With dual rear camera the picture quality is very good even in low light conditions. Networking is good enough depending on the strength of available network providers. Sound quality is nice. The file manager is not convenient. The message management system is also cumbersome. Safety locking from accidental deletion of important messages is lacking. On the whole a nice buy.\n\n', '\n\n  The phone becomes nightmare sometimes frequently.It sometimes does not shows the  lock screen and does not wake up after repeated trying also.Making it useless  to use the phone in case of  emergency.Tried to send a picture after snapping but the send button did not work for several minutes, totally  annoying.No button or shortcut for the torch. Making it very much annoying.No  display of time when the  phone rings so you cannot check the time wile trying to answer a call.Some.Some fonts on the display is annoyingly small and there is no way to increase the fonts.The camera is not so good and fails to click a good image when the light is little bit low.Grains appears in the image if there is low light.Overall it seems the maker has hastily made the phone with several glitches and neglecting or sacrificing the user satisfaction.Feeling cheated.1 to 2 star is more than enough for this phone.\n\n', '\n\n  Greatly disappointed due to small size 5.85 inch with 19:9 aspect ratio  is very small in width and notch size is bigger and inproprtionate to screen size not recommended to buy better go for Asus zenphone max proM1.with the same price ,high processor, GPU good camera,big battery and screen size\n\n', "\n\n  With a big, bright screen, capable camera and very strong battery life, the Redmi Note 6 Pro makes a great impression - even with poor software, no NFC and an outdated micro USB port.But the touch response gets too much sensitive, makes call from contacts automatically (due to touch response)Network isn't that much great, where as Redmi 7 Pro handle network signal good enough.\n\n", '\n\n  Nice budget phone.i purchased this phone 2 months ago,i didnt face ny prblm till date.camera is good.sound is very very good/loudly.32gb internal is sufficent for me,so i prefer 32gb,.battery life is outstanding,if u prefer battery over camera thn go for it,4000mah.front camera 5mp is Average++ as compare to my old j7 .i ll gve 3/5,,but still in day light its awesome.heating prblm is not detected yet.light weight phone.Charging point is also responding fastly,,beautiful UI,,nice tough.Fingerprint scanner responsed within a Blink of our Eye!!..overall Mindblowing..mid budget range phone..i ll prefer redmi over ny other in this range.\n\n', "\n\n  Battery life is more than good4.5/5, camera 3.5/5 for the price range (otherwise 3),display 4/5(disappointed as can't customize to show battery percentage) overall looks sleek n classy, with HDFC offer, amazon pay cashback and exchange got the phone for 6.3k! So actually cannot be to bummed out, having said that not the fastest phone as led to believe, however, overall I personally would rate this 4 star due to value for money. No quick charge, well can't complain too much either! If looking purely for camera, please steer clear of the phone.\n\n", "\n\n  Display quality is top notch, overall the quality of the phone is very good. All metal body. Camera is good too. Touch smoothness is amazing. I will definitely recommend to buy this phone.The USB is not type C, it is the old one. This is the only con that i found till now. It has got 2 nano sim slots and a dedicated memory card slot (2+1).Other than the phone, amazon delivery service is a bit let down. It took 6 days to deliver the item from Calcutta to Assam. Whereas last year i bought 2 Redmi Note 4 ( for me and my uncle) from flipkart and mi india website, if you recall, Mi had flash sale every Friday. Hence i bought both handset on different dates. To my surprise i placed the order on Friday and received the item on Sunday on one occasion and Monday on the other occasion, which the shipped through ekart and FedEx respectively. Merely in 2-3 i got my phone. But Amazon's courier service is a total letdown as compared ekart and FedEx.\n\n", "\n\n  Touch screen is smooth,quality of display is excellent,camera quality is good but not the best, little problem of overheating, speaker volume is low compared to other mi phones.clarity in voice is good Overall a good mobile at this price,Plz don't expect much from a budget phone\n\n", '\n\n  The phone is top class for 12k, no issues at all, battery lasts for 2 full days, camera is decent for this price, 4go ram is enough for everything except some heavy games which I dont play, best part is phone is handy and fits pocket for those who dont want bigger phones, android updates are guaranteed.For those who want to save money, this is almost same as note 4 , if u can get a decent resale one\n\n', "\n\n  Display'notch' display - superb contrast, good brightness levelsMIUI is one of the better, more refined, and more optimised Android UIs around, and is packed with many features and customisation optionsOne of the issues with MIUI in recent times has been the annoying ads in MI's own apps.PerformanceSnapdragon 636 which is still very good for the classCameraExcellent set of dual rear cameras at the back, which improve upon the already very good cameras of the Redmi Note 5 ProThe rear cameras perform well regardless of the conditions you’re shooting in - Low light, artificial light, portrait shots, landscapes, it’s got you all coveredVery good set of dual cameras on the front as well - selfies taken with the Redmi Note 6 Pro have good details, and the edge detection in portrait mode is good tooOverall, the Redmi Note 6 Pro is now arguably the best camera experience under Rs. 20, 000Video recording on the Redmi Note 6 Pro is decent but maxes out at 1080p which is a bit disappointing, considering that other smartphones in this price range are capable of 4K video recordingBatteryExcellent battery life with a 4000mAH battery packThe phone also has support for Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 but Xiaomi only ships a 10W charger in the box - you will need to buy a quick charger separately to enable fast chargingConnectivityWi-Fi, 3.5mm audio jack, and micro USB portVerdictThe Redmi Note 6 Pro again ticks all the right boxes for a best-seller in its class and price segment, continuing a tradition of the Redmi Note line in terms of excellent value for moneyIf you want a very good all-rounder with best camera in the mid-range, you need to look no furtherHaving said that though, it's not quite a clear, outright winner as the Redmi Note 5 Pro was, simply because of the much tougher competition in this segment now - there is the Realme 2 Pro (has a much better take on how a notch should look like, and is more powerful with a SD660), the Xiaomi Mi A2 (No notch, Android One, all-metal design, SD660), Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 (better battery, arguably better value for money), and the Motorola One Power (Android One, better battery) - so all in all, there are lots of good choices around\n\n", '\n\n  This is really a unique product from mi. The overall look of this handset is attractive and beautiful. Battery life is awesome in this price range and the camera quality is good one (not the best). As everyone know that mi handsets have a lot of inbuilt sensors. This device is also not different from those features.Overall performance of this device is literally awesome.One of my suggestions for this product that it is not light weight. I feel there is a big stone is in my pocket every time I carry it. This is very ridiculous.\n\n', "\n\n  Had been a MI use from past few years , I personally had a Redmi 2 which i used for 2 years.  How ever this Phone Note 6 Pro's camera is not that great I had better exceptions, hopefully i have  settle for the 4 GB ram and 64 GB memory, lets see if this helps.  Rest all features are great the Built quality , sensors and blah blah blah ! Could have made an Youtube unboxing video to recover some extra cash XD Over all M eagerly waiting for the Mix 3 to gift my self next year\n\n", '\n\n  So I just got this phone first impression was the display Picture quality is so good Not Tested the battery life yet but should be ok as well Seriously more than what I expected to bePros:Display is really goodIncluded Free Transparent Back CoverPicture quality is bestDual Camera in 11kHas Portrait ModeFront Is really good in looksCons:No Headphones IncludedThe Back looks as same as the mi 5 or any mi 5 phone which all look so badThe Back Is Easily Scratchable as well\n\n', "\n\n  1.Battery totally waste and drains very speedy.2.screen quality is waste and using whatsapp when look at status who all see. Disaapears screen button.3. Charging speed is very slow and take maximum time.4. Previously using redmi note 4 3gb+32gb with comparison to that redmi 6pro 4gb + 64gb is purely wastage of money.5. After using 8 days found lots of problem like heating problem.6. This money range this is worst product.PLEASE DON'T OPT THIS PRODUCT.AMAZON ONLY HAVE REPLACMENT POLICY NO EXCHANGE OR MONEY REFUND.THIS IS IS ABOVE  SECOND LINE CAPS WORDS TRANSFER TO ME FROM CUSTOMER CARE EXECUTIVE.\n\n", "\n\n  After using it for 15days I have written this review. In my opinion this is the best phone in this price segment. Good hardware , minimum bloatware, fluent performance & the most important point perfect size phone . Superb metal unibody design & top notch finishing makes it value for money. Personally i don't like glass body phone ( look like a cheap phone). All the phones have some limitations but most important point of this phone is feel good factor in hand.\n\n", "\n\n  Such a  bad choice to have i received it on tuesday and the replacement process will take morethen 2weeks. Now i don't have a phone in spare. Plus the notch problem is quite often in the phone. Touch is not gud. Camera is okay not too god. The processer in the phone is not unto its level.I would recommend not to have it such a waste of money and time. I am now just trying to return a but cant return it according to amazon policy.the replacement process will take 2 weeks or more.I m not satisfied with phone after 2days of use the resale value of my phone on amazon is just 5000. How do they value. Wifi is not working even i cant use my personal internet.Feeling trapped\n\n", '\n\n  After one year use, phone works well. Processor speed is good,Pros,bokeh mode effect cameraNotch screenLight weightGood battery. One and half day battery usage.Cones;SD626 old processor.Screen width is very less compared to other brands.No 4g dual sim standby. Jio sim and airtel sim when airtel data  switched on jio sim switches off.No Battery fast charging, 3 hours to full charge.Camera quality degrades in low light.Selfi camera average.MiUI apps full with ads.After using six months review: Battery works great one day full. Phone fell down from 3 feet height suddenly became dead. At service center mother board replaced free cost. So phone outer body cover not shock proof . Use good cover case.\n\n', "\n\n  My handset is very third class. It's fingerprint sesor, face recognition works only after 10 to 12 tries. Biggest prolem is it's screen does'nt appear when i try to unlock it by ay of the option whether it be face, finger or pin. Power button also does'nt glare up the screen. I jeed to restart it again and again. This is my 4th MI phone. I will not buy MI anymore. It's battery does'nt work like previous MI phones. Very disappointed.\n\n", '\n\n  Got this phone in 7249₹What a deal!Best phone in this price no one can beat this!Nice good and fast service.best things are1. Display2. Look3. Dual sim with separate memory slot4. Without removing back cover we can easily insert sim as well as memory card from external.5. Battery 4000 really good6. smooth touch screen.overall i loved it.\n\n', "\n\n  Finger print is superfast. Camera below average front and back (i've seen older/cheaper models of redmi with much betters cam quality). Battery average. Unable to kill background apps even after disabling background running permission and autostart. The apps simply come back to life. Tried greenify too. Seller shipped the product after around 5 days after order placement. Notch display is a bit annoying, since there is no space for notification symbols, you have to scroll down to see if there are any notifications. Even battery percentage is shown only when scrolled down.\n\n", "\n\n  The phone is a decent buy. It is more than an year old with me. Performed fine until June and suddenly it started cracking up in terms of battery. The phone would go from full charge to zero on 6 hours without any usage. I am unable to figure out how it started to behave like this. It also heats up.Biggest Drawbacks : The MI APPS can't be disabled/uninstalled which cuts down on the space available, cos there are many useless apps in the stock version.The phone lags in transitions across applications. It could have been better.\n\n", '\n\n  I bought the phone during the Summer Sale, so I got it for Rs 9,999/-. Though I was really disappointed just after purchasing it the price further dropped to Rs.8,499/-! But it\'s a worthy buy under 10K. Now coming to the phone, the colour I ordered was blue and it is beautiful. The feel of the phone is perfect. Those who don\'t want a "big" phony yet want to flaunt it, it\'s perfect for them. The 5.84 inches FHD+ display is fluid and vibrant. The 625 Snapdragon chipset is a reliable processor for fast multitasking. The cameras are just ok , 5MP in the front and 12MP+5MP rear setup. Although it has AI face recognition, I would suggest you to avoid it as sometimes it may lag under low light conditions. The fingerprint sensor is smooth, unlocks in a giphee. Now the best part of the phone is it\'s battery life, the 4000mAh high capacity battery is surely to deliver a long lasting service. It runs on MIUI OS which is easy to use and people are getting familiar to this nowadays. To sum up, the phone is a competitive contender under the 10K segment of smartphones.\n\n', '\n\n  Phone worked best during the first 6 months. After that the apps started lagging, and after 1.5 years of usage the device screen goes blank/black every once in a while while using it and the only way to get out of black screen is to turn the phone off.I had placed order for 2 of the same phones. The first phone is working fine while the second which I am reviewing now has been having these problem. The second phone also has network connectivity problem/performance since day one when compared to first phone. It lost network connection at times whe. The first phone worked without any problem on the same networks (Jio, Idea) while the second phone lost connetions at high density areas with same networks. This is a quality defect from manufacturers side which manufacturer is not ready to accept as it will need complete line/batch of products to be recalled and replace the device without charge to customers.\n\n', '\n\n  It works for some time but later perf goes down. The MI app is bad and not sure how much trusty it is. It just stopped working with an accidental dip in water and was not able to restore completely. To fix is expensive and it looks cheap inside. The battery packing is bad inside that you will not be able to separate when required for any water accidents.\n\n', "\n\n  I bought this to upgrade from a Huawei Y6 II Compact and whilst the Huawei was a great phone and served me well over the past 2 years, the difference between that and this new Xiaomi is night and day. The screen is massively bigger, vastly brighter and the phone feels significantly (and very noticeably) faster. It's incredible to think what you can get for your money these days in comparison to just a couple of years ago\n\n", "\n\n  I have bought redmi 6 pro mobile on 06/01/2019 and face power on failure problem. Visiting nearest company service center and they're changed mobile motherboard. It's very shocking if you buy new mobile and after ONLY 24 day's it's not working. Today I'm writing this review coz I face new problem ( blurred Mobile screen ) again in my so called great redmi 6 pro mobile. I think i have bought new mobile but actually I took a problem.\n\n", '\n\n  It\'s been 2 months of use. It has very nice feel in hand. I have small hands, and did not want a big phone. This phone is "not wide" and long. The notch was the reason I purchased this model, but the novelty wears off after some days and the notch is more of a problem than a feature as of now. There are updates fixing the issue, but I\'m enjoying the adventures of everyday bugs of notch.Battery is good, I charge once in two days, I\'m not a heavy user.\n\n', "\n\n  I am writing this review after using this phone for almost one week.This device offers great specifications in the budget segment. Here are my reviews about the phone :-1. Face unlock works properly..and for this budget it's fast...The phone has a metallic finish and it's too handy to use...and the phone doesn't get hot during usage...The phone is lightweight too...2. Display - Display is great and auto brightness works very well.3. Sound - Sound is too high...clarity is very good.4. Battery - A full charge lasts for almost two days on normal usage.5. Camera - Camera is awesome for the price.. The portrait shots perfectly work with humans (blur level 1)..and found some irregular blurring with objects and animals..see the attached photos. Front camera is also great and we get many modes and watermark in the camera app.6. Call quality is great..and it works fine with secondary noise cancellation microphone..7. It has a dedicated micro sd card with with you can use 2simcards and volte also works fine..8. Fingerprint scanner is fast and accurate...\n\n", '\n\n  This is after three day use, Though its 4gb + 64gb but not up to mark, width is not up to mark, phone is not for enjoying videos, App takes time to open not laggs but heavy application take time to operate, Have used J7 prime previous to this for 1.6 years which I feel much smooth and fast than this phone, missing j7 prime. Battery life, music quality and call voice quality is good 25% battery remained even after whole day heavy use; still not very great phone as overall I found a slugish operation.\n\n', "\n\n  Bought this phone for my Dad and I am hoping it is built well and can withstand falls and scratches:-)Most of the apps needed upgradation and when upgraded the OS it started giving issues like volume buttons not working, device hung issues. After factory reset the issue somehow resolved. Asked for a tech visit from Amazon to check the device on 15th Oct(received the product on 11th OCT)..Good response from Amazon..Also Redmi puts screen cover (which makes it difficult to view the screen and needs to be removed) in the front and no temperred glass hence you need to go to the market to buy tempered glass which is not good. Also no headphones in the box.Front camera is not good but that's okay for a 10k phone. Also the design is not exciting compared to VIVO and OPPO full view phones.Overall good budget phone under 10k and if your priority is Full view screen and good RAM and processor.\n\n", "\n\n  Best budget phone for day 2 day task with descent amount of storage & ram. Also, it feels sturdy in hand one could easily get a confidence to use, even lookwise it's an decent phone niether too flashy nor too poor. Camera produce pretty good quality of images both with rear & front camera with and without AI. Bokeh with the portrait mode is also decent with accurate edge bluring. Overall a good package in budget one can easily relly on it.\n\n", '\n\n  First of all it hangs so much... You can see many lags clearly, The miui is not optimised properly particularly in this phone, phone feels weighted, weight distribution not done properly, at higher volume call speaker not working properly, games like pubg play at medium level only with some frame drops and lags.. Background apps quickly shut down and starts from first... Which is annoying all the time... Camera quality is average, snapdragon 625 is the biggest let down...  Only good thing is the battery life..\n\n', "\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0-Except for the notch display, I don't see this device as anything special worth of 10k INR.-Video and audio quality is upto the mark.-Haven't used that much right now but didn't see any lags.-Built is as usual good, feels sturdy with the metal frame and back.-3 GB RAM, 32 GB storage feels very redundant at this price where we get a better camera & display with phones like Asus Zenfone Pro M1 with 4GB RAM, 64GB ROM for the same price.-I bought the Red color model but it looks more of a Pink than Red.-Camera is kind of alright looking at other phones in this segment, doesn't seem poor or much superior.OVERALL: I won't say this is value for money product since brands are now launching 4GB RAM models at 10k. Just for the notch, which isn't so great or even in my personal taste, you must not compromise with performance.\n\n", '\n\n  Only plus with this phone is its good battery life however it does not look like 4GB/64GB phone due to hanging issue despite free memory of 1.7GB/44GB. Generally tough to have conference call as it hangs while adding another caller. This was not the issue with my old Redmi Note 3 ( 3GB/32GB) phone which I have used for almost 3 years and given to amazon under exchange scheme. I thought it was upgrade but actually it look like degrade as far as handling experience is concerned, not expecting this poor performance from Xiaomi phones.\n\n', "\n\n  Please go for it for this price range this is worthy.And about battery life it is awesome if keep an eye on some parameters like Don't overchargeAbout picture quality is overall good in every videos and i found picture quality is superb but when i open jiotv in full screen mode pixels of video quality is very poor even in high quality videoAnd thanks Amazon\n\n", "\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0I have used oneplus6 and would say that this phone is totally a value for money.One thing better than oneplus is the form factor of this phone. It is comfortable to use in one hand.Picture quality is good.Sound quality is also good.Battery life lives is moderate.The red colour is not exactly a bright red it's more of a blood red that would look good in hands.No cons for this phone.\n\n", "\n\n  I am using it for 8 months now.it really is a great mobile phone at this rate. But their is thing i noticed that the phone looks slightly smaller like 5 inch smart phones. And of course battery life is great but not that great . heating is not a issue it really doesn't exist unless you are doing  multiple tasks. Speakers are perfect. finger print scannner works very well . Notch on the top looks awful. But you can't get better notch at this rate. Display is in quite warmer colour but it would be nice if it was quite colder like redmi 4.gaming is good.camera quality is on other level if you using it in a right way.video quality is great.ram management is quite better than other smartphones in the market.overall 9.5/10(0.5 deducted because it looks smaller)\n\n", "\n\n  First of all its a Chinese phone. I have been using this after a year usage. Refrain from buying it.1.It's performance really reduce drastically to poor when the usage is slightly more than an average person. Like all Chinese product, quality is poor.2.Battery drains out too quickly now, survives the day on power bank. It's  really irritating when u have to charge it twice in a day. Charging rate has also reduced, charging pin also has become lose.3.Heating problem is quite significant, and I am no gamer.4. Camera is avg in daytime and pathetic during night. Selfie are still much better.5. Inbuilt apps really sucks the battery. No way to disable them.6. Mi cloud base, sms and other apps steals ur data, that's a separate story. Can never trust to keep anything important.7. I recommend not to buy any MI note series phones,they are all false configuration data to blind people, if U already hv it then use it as a landline r just dump it at home for attending or making calls for children. Even if they break it, it doesn't cost U much.\n\n", '\n\n  Superb. .\n\n', "\n\n  Received a defective software product. But company denied warranty service.  Mi has outsourced service to contractors. There are no service standards. No resolution time respected. Warranty service denied 4 weeks after purchase. First by service centre. Then by company call centre. Unskilled executives. Can't even talk properly.\n\n", '\n\n  I liked the phone for the price i purchased...i got this phone on exchange offer  just a week back.I liked the phone for the money . Camera quality of this phone is is not that great compared to single cam samsung Galaxy S7 phone. tough this phone has dual cam.Apart from the camera quality every thing else is awesome 7 worth for money..Just annoyed by the ad in MI app...if MI reduce this in their inbuilt apps and keep official app ad free it will be very good\n\n', '\n\n  The phone worked great for 20 days. On the 21st day, it started showing display problems. Artifacts, lines, and patterns show up on the screen now, whether it is the lock screen, wallpaper, or any app screen. Too it to the service center. The rep says this is a common problem and they have to replace the display. But they are out of parts. When will they have the part? No idea. Called the Mi Redline Customer Service. Their suggestion - take it to the service center. Well, service center is out of parts. Well, you just have to wait for the part to come. How long will that take? No one has a clue. All this for a phone that is 20 days old\n\n', '\n\n  Not reviewing the phone as there are plenty of those done by professionals.I am concerned that I have got a refurbished item.1 there was no clear plactic cover on top of the box2 when started it for the dirty timr had no welcome message of MI or Google, the fone simply started and went straight to hone screen.When I did a factory reset it then started with all the welcome messages and settings\n\n', "\n\n  So much Rumors hick.......For Mi Mobile....... I don't know why people are desperate for Mi Product's........................some are quite good, but not all. There only branding & Marketing strategy .....................Mi Product got lesser value in exchange after 11 Month, even the good ones alsoSo think we'll and make sure then purchaseOr if you want to change your mobile with in 6 month it's ok, Also some of the Mi Product  updated's also stop...................Every 2-3 month a product launchLots of series lots of mobile having near about same configuration n lesser price difference, confused in picking the oneSo be aware of it take a nice decision 😉\n\n", "\n\n  PROS:-1. screen quality good, 432 ppi make it really  crisp display2. easy to hold  in hand3. soc 625 is old but not useless even 2018 you will enjoy this, i  already installed and played most of the HD games available on play store  and those games play quite well4. moving on camera department we get 12+5 MP shooter which also performs well on daylight but however, it lags when it comes to night photography. we get video stabilizer too which give me a decent full HD video5. video and call quality is average.CONS:-1. at 11500 rs redmi should provide 4 GB of ram instead of 3 GB2. no miui 10 update3. we cant enjoy notch, seriously youtube, games, browsers do not show in notch only battery and time is displayed, so what's the point of the notch? at least they should give us an option to watch video on  fullscreen mode****** THE PHONE IS VERY SMALL COMPARE TO REDMI NOTE 5 PRO BUT IT FITS WELL IN HAND, OVERALL THE PHONE IS GOOD IF YOU GET IT BELOW 10 K THEN IT WILL BE KILLER DEAL, HOPE YOU READERS LIKE MY REVIEW, THANKS FOR READING , BYE :D\n\n", '\n\n  After using more than 2 months I am writing the review:Pros:1. Battery life is very good, gives more than 1.5 day after full change with mobile network and gprs on.2. Back Camera is good, specially the portrait mode.3. Notch full screen display is good, as the new technology.4. New MiUI 10 update is good for notifications.5. Phones full charged within 3 hours.Cons:1. Hangs 2 times among those 3 months, did force restart, then all become fine.2. Front camera is not good as expected.3. Phone became little hot and battery drains fast when using full GPRS with mobile network, but it is ignorable.Still now I have found those pros and cons, if I found anything I will post here.\n\n', "\n\n  Pros:1- FHD+ Display2- 4000 mAh Battery3- Sleek & Slim design. Can be easily operated by one hand4- Proven Processor (Not the best in class though)Cons:1- NO GORILLA Glass. Its a pity that this phone is without Gorilla glass. Other brands at this price are equipped with Corning Gorilla glass.2- Mi has already told that.. this phone supports only 1 4G VoLTE at a time.3- Camera - Don't expect great photos in low light.4- Slight heating experienced on continuous use.\n\n", "\n\n  The best thing about this phone is it is sooper compact containing 5.8 inch screen, and is light weight.Performance is great for a moderate user like me. No lag, no heating and fast finger print.Amazing battery backup.Average camera.Notch is something i didn't like because it is not allocated for notifications wisely. May be next software update will fix it.\n\n", '\n\n  Worst picture quality. My note 4 was excellent compared to this 6 pro. Better go with note 5 pro\n\n', '\n\n  Brought this as a gift for my mother during the Amazon Sale. Yet again I am super impressed with Amazon delivery as I am a prime customer. May be!With very minimal usage It’s been 16days that I have charged the phone and it still stands at around 25% battery.Built us beautiful.The screen size and picture quality is just amazing. I am true apple Fan and have been only using apple since 5 years now but after using this phone that I brought for my mom I am truly impressed. People will get fooled by the looks as it exactly looks like an iPhone X.Excellent product for the price. Very happy!\n\n', "\n\n  Things I liked about this device: 😊Compact: can easily fit even in small handsExcellent battery life: will surely last for a day even on very heavy usageMetallic body: feels sturdy in your handAudio Quality: It's great in both the cases (earphone and speaker)Things I didn't like about this device: ☹️Screen: Although it's full hd screen, it looks dull and keeps flickeringCamera: Strictly average Camera PerformanceAs it has a small screen, video watching and gaming experience isn't that good.Conclusion: I bought it for ₹7200 after applying Bank discount. You can go for it... If your budget is limited, otherwise go for Redmi Note 7.\n\n", "\n\n  I am very disappointed with this phone. Picture quality is too worst as compared to redmi note 4. Sound quality good. Phone sometimes hanging and stuckked. In this price range I am expecting more but totally disappointed me. Battery life is good. It's necessary to improve picture quality otherwise it's not a good phone those who are love selfies and pics. Xiomi need to improve camera quality and performance also.Thank you.....\n\n", '\n\n  I recommend not to buy this product when watching video from YouTube the video resolution is very small you can even fit from screen to screen and what i really hate is that when you want to use internet with other sim like for eg ,jio and vodafone .if you switch to voda then jio will turn off.other phone if dont support both 4g but they give option to use which one may be 3g or 4g not just like this one software is also lagging time after it damage the memory card when you choose the options to move the data to memory card then then the memory card option disappear automatically.\n\n', "\n\n  Mi 6 Pro is not at all a phone to buy..problems with this phone I faced:1. Charging adapter as well as the phone is heating seriously HIGH during charging. (This is the main biggest issue of this phone which I consider)2. RAM management of apps is not appropriate, but the phone can be treated just-a-good one for use for people who don't play games and mostly use Youtube, Chrome, music.3. Battery's performance is not upto the mark as stated by Mi. For eg: when you watch videos continuously for half hour on Youtube, it drains by 7% to 9% and back of the phone (where processor resides) starts heating, as you can feel the heat while holding it on your palm.4. You can feel the heat coming from the microphone to your ears while talking.I talked to Amazon guys 3 times...seriously 3 times...to convince them that my problem is genuine and requested them for a replacement, if not returnable. But AMAZON does not compy to me. They checked the heating issue of the phone via Blancco diagnostic app which it registered a temp. range of 36 to 39 Fahrenheit...Firstly, the temp should be in CELCIUS guys...36 F is refrigerator's temp how can it be so hot, do you please understand this BLANCCO people?!! BLANCCO app is truly a cheat but Amazon will absolutely believe no one and only it.Seriously not satisfied with Amazon's attitude by not complying to my request to replace the phone.Because my friend also bought the same phone and he didn't encounter the heating issue. It obviously means that I received a defective product. So, I should get a replacement.Buy only the 'Note' series phones of Mi and nothing else, you'll get a better battery, better RAM management, best camera.\n\n", '\n\n  Xiaomi cheating with us.MIUI is unstable. They are releasing new version frequently.Now days they want to increase sale for new models.Older phone models are getting slow.And I have boubt Xiaomi doing it intentionally.\n\n', '\n\n  I m reviewing after many month of use,when i purchased this phone with exchange offer i got under 5000 inr approx.but now a days already you onow many devices came in this price bracket.1-redmi not 72-redmi not 7 pro3- real me 3 proMi A2So better to go other option which i mentioned here\n\n', '\n\n  Charging cable is very small. Fast turbo charging could have added more. Front camera is OK as purchased knowingly this is 5 megapixel. Cover provided is nice. Over all lovely and handy phone. This is initial observation based on 3-4 days experience. Thanks to ATS for nice behaviour and on time supply. Awaiting 6 months free screen replacement warranty from Amazon.\n\n', '\n\n  Why xiomi has launched this phone god knows....pro 6...5 pro is much better..i was using note 4 and bought this phone in exchange.....every application on this phone keeps on lagging i specially bought this phone so tat i could play PUBG...but really disheartened...pls dont buy this phone if u r heavy user....it hangs and lag....go for pro 5...worst phone wastage of money @xiaomi pls dont fool customers...\n\n', '\n\n  No Ear Phone.  Horrible.  Smart phone having FM and not able to listen without Ear Phone.\n\n', '\n\n  Good product, finger print reader is not good, need to inprove. finger print scanner better in Mi 4A which I have purchased in 2017.Rear Camera is not as expected. When we using full screen top part is invisible/not visible. Its a defect in Mi 6pro.Remaining all good\n\n', "\n\n  I've had this phone for a couple days and so far I am beyond happy with my purchase, the phone works great and is better than I could have ever imagined at this price! One of this biggest pros about this phone for me is the battery life.  I am very happy with my purchase and will definitely be checking out Xiaomi again when I am looking to buy my next phone in the future which I feel will not be anytime soon with how good.this phone is in my opinion!\n\n", "\n\n  I wanted to buy I phone or 1+6 but due to some personal reason my budget didn't allow me, So my friends suggested Redmi 6 ProI got it for 4GB RAM/64GB Rs. 11699Writing this review after using a week.Pros:Sound is good.Finger and Face sensors are awesome.Mobile look is very nice.Mobile is compact/Handy.Cons:Camera is ok.Mobile is little bit heavy may be because of 4000mah.Overall I can say, If your budget is 10-13k, then Don't think so much. Please go ahead.\n\n", '\n\n  When you buy an inexpensive product...you should always be aware that it can never compete against expensive ones. Redmi 6 Pro boasts of an amazing battery life, which is absolutely false and misguiding. After a few months its back to being just like other budget phones, just stays alive for 24hrs post full charge\n\n', '\n\n  This phone is not that suitable for PUBG if you use for media like movie nd song it will give you more backup. You will experience a battery is going down once install all necessary apps like facebook, ola uber etc. Picture quality is good especially portrait mode is good. Sound is fair enough loud.Battery life 4000Mah is satisfactory for a gamer like me atleast you can play around 5-6 long PUBG without issue.\n\n', '\n\n  The picture quality, camera, looks are all fantastic. Its a good phone if you are not concerned about your privacy.The application like MI video, music, file manager  have lot of recommendations and adds. Although you disable it in preference, it comes back after every update. There is no option to uninstall the update and force stop the app from preventing to run in the background.\n\n', '\n\n  World class product at very reasonable prices.Camera is not good for  Night photography. This I knew even before I bought this product. Even with this shortcoming, no one can beat reliability and price performance of Xiomi products.In my home we have 6 Xiomi phones, all more than 2 year old and still working great.\n\n', '\n\n  +++MOST SINCERE REVIEW+++(written after 2 weeks of hard usage)++++READ UPTO END++++The delivery was good, packing also.The product look,design, color etc is OK.++ABOUT ITEM++Dispaly is very good compared to my old phone.Notch,buttons etc are very good.Dual rear camera (13+5) images are good ¤*but front camera (5MP) is not upto the  mark*¤Audio system such as ringtone,videos etc is good.Fingerprint, face ID are OK.The box contents charger, pin, cable, transperant cover are all good.++ABOUT USE++works fast phone is much faster.No hang while operating with too many apps.No problem while playing PubG.Charging is much fasterBUT,**battery gets drained much faster **4000mAh battery is not much satisfactory compared with other phones with 4000mAh battery.The thickness of the phone is a bit greater compared with other new generation phones.All apps works good  in the device.Phone cleaning, virus scanning are very good.Watching YouTube, movies,hearing music are great.+++OVERALL  MERITS+++*Device is worth for 8,999 Rs*Good performance*Best for daily use*Rear cameras are good+++OVERALL DEMERITS+++*Front camera is not good*Thickness is a bit greater*4000mAh battery is not good drains fast while using.\n\n', '\n\n  I purchased because good exchange amount for my redmi 3s prime. Exchange amount 4400+1000 Pay balance cash back. Net amount paid 7500. There was also offer in terms of scrren replacment freely within a year. All good about mobile. Except no 2 4g slim slots. Asus pro has. Battery life is 4000 mah whereas asus pro provides 5000mah. Asus provides 6gb ram whereas this is only 4gb ram.\n\n', "\n\n  pros;-designs is gooddisplay quality goodcons:-battery is not sufficient it look like 3000mahtouch response is not goodfingerprint is not so fastcamera quality is not goodvideo recording quality like 2 mega pixeli recommend you don't buy this phonei think mi taking for this high cost for this according  performance price should be 6500-7000 is sufficientin this price many phone gives you best performance\n\n", "\n\n  I bought 6Pro - Incoming calls not displayed on the screen from day one.  Called MI call center and they asked me to contact Amazon. I called Amazon to replace the order but it was not worked. I won't recommend buying the products. It is waste of money.\n\n", '\n\n  I brought this phone (Redmi 6 Pro) from amazon and as of now it is 3 months running.The very first impression after purchase was : phone gets heated while charging ... Yes the phone gets a little heated during charging. The impression after 3 months of use is: good phone at this price. I am not a damn crazy user of phone. I use it for daily purpose works, I m sure still there are a few features left over which i have not explored yet. For me so far it is good. Sometimes I face problem with the finger print sensor, it fails to read / detect the registered fingerprint.Over all impression : if you are an average user and want to buy a good phone within 10k range, Redmi 6 pro can be considered (4/5)Suggestion: I have purchased the 32 gb memory one. If you want to click more and more pic/video, then go for the higher memory range one. Because the each pic (clicked in this phone) consumes almost 1 mb, in that sense 32gb quota will finish sooner and phone performance will also get degraded.\n\n', "\n\n  I bought a product on 18th July, 2019 and got the mobile on 20th July, 2019.  The product was worst. It is full of defects.It has the below problems.1.Camera is not working2.Wifi  is not working3.Phone call is not working4.Sound is not workingI am not sure Whatelese is not working.  It is poor.When I contacted with me. They sent a technician only on 24th July.  After that, no action was taken.  When we contacted Amazon customer service executive even on 25th July,  they said they did not recieve the report from technician. Until then they cannot process it.  They don't contact service technician as well. Amazon customer service executive  behaves rude and irresponsbile. They say It is not my job to contact technicians.\n\n", "\n\n  Hi Guys ,Impressed with Amazon !!!!!I ordered the product on 2nd October and got it delivered on 3rd October Morning !!Very Fast Delivery !!Let's Talk about the phone-Display- Quality of display is good for the price you are paying but there is type of yellowness in colour reproduction which is in warm toneRating- 4 out of 5Performance - The Performance of the phone is good which is all because of Snapdragon 625 but it's litle outdated atleast Xiaomi should go for Snapdragon 630 but still good at its priceRear Camera-Rear Camera is excellent and is the best camera you will gonna find in 10K Price Range. It has a 12 MP Sony IMX 486 Sensor which is however same sensor used in Budget Flagship Redmi Note 5 Pro with 1.25 um pixel size which is largest you will find in 10K Price Segment and have an aperture of F/2.2 which is also good for price. Colour Reproduction is at point of device. Impressed with Camera Performance . It also has portrait mode which is best in 10K Price segment better edge detection and real blur effect compared to other phones in segmentBut I had some focusing issues when focusing at nearer objects but still I will rate it 5 out of 5Front Camera -Front Camera of the phone is a shit !It is Just 5 MP with poor low light performance and full of noise at night !But average camera at front but still is OK for PriceRating - 3 out of 5Battery -Battery is good of the phone which is of 4000 MAH and all thanks to power efficient Snapdragon 625 used in it !! But still you demand more you can go for Asus Zenfone Max Pro ME with 5000 MaH BatteryRating - 4.5 out of 5Build -Build and feel is good although it's heavier but u will get used to it in few daysMetal Back and Notch is goodThere is plastic at top and bottom of the phone at rear which is in case good for sensors and call reception because radio waves can easily penetrate through Plastic then Metal that is why call quality is also good!Rating - 5 out of 5SpeakersSpeakers are also loud and good but lacks base but still for price it's goodRating - 4.7 out of 5Overall Phone is good !\n\n", '\n\n  dont buy this item ... never buy ...its battery capacity is poor... also network receiving  capacity is very very poor..... when u r n full range it tell ur callers that u r not reachable, or currently not availablealso i want to replace/ return it on AMAZON but the amazon agents not accepting the return / replace ... this also shows that the phone has issues and it  is faulty phone\n\n', '\n\n  This is masterpiece from Xiaomi. Battery life is too good if you are normal WhatsApp and Facebook user then it gives you two day battery life.Back Camera is good under this price range. Only  front camera disappoints you although its good in daylight.Performance is also good. I am using this for last 1 month and faced hardly 3-4 lags and application stopped issue.\n\n', "\n\n  I reviewed this product after using 30 daysResults are as followsPerformance __ 9/10Display__ 10/10Sound quality__ 7/10Camera___Rear 9/10Front 9/10Battery life __ 10/10Processor___ 8/10Touch response__ 8/10Fingerprint sensor or face I'd tool security__ 10/10Overall rating ___ 8.5/10\n\n", '\n\n  Good budget phone.smooth performance.good display.awesome two day battery life. Easy to handle by one hand . Fingure print and face unlock is very good.MIUI customisation  like application lock, security scan features are also very good.  sound quality through earphones /headphones /bluetooth headphones  is below the average, sound disortion is more.Its feeling hammering sound to ears.Front selfie camera is not upto the mark.\n\n']